>>REGINA MEREDITH:
I'm always so excited.
What are they going
to show me next?
What kind of ancient
history or secrets
are they going to share?
I asked his higher
consciousness why
did you show him this lifetime?
And they said
because we wanted him
to remember that he was
part of the team that
developed the human.
Any time you feel
a strong emotion,
any time, always,
it opens up portals.
Why did the White man do this?
He said, the White man was
one of the earliest victims
of this negative energy
that asserted itself
onto the planet.
He's a passive version of her.
And he could communicate to
me, almost like a phone call.
So this is where it gets crazy.
All of a sudden,
my phone pinged.
I don't why I kept describing
the Americas as very advanced.
And they would speak with ETs
and interdimensional beings
all the time.
And all that evidence
has been removed.
They usually have the
same message, which is--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA: Sarah Breskman
Cosme is back with us
and has fascinating
information to share
on the history of the ancient
Americas and Native Americans.
The timeline stretches back
to Atlantis and Lemuria
and reaches to the sky.
We'll discuss a witness
account of the Trail of Tears
when the Native
American population
were moved from their lands.
Welcome back, Sarah.
It's always so good to
see your beautiful face
and hear fascinating information
because you're like Dolores.
You don't stop.
You're the energizer
bunny of regressions.
>>SARAH COSME: Thank you
so much for having me.
I'm so excited to be here.
>>REGINA: Well, I know
Dolores is working
with you from the other side.
And so you got a lot of
good support around you.
And you're developing an
incredible body of work
that you've now been
documenting in one,
really, one wonderful
book after another.
So I just want to
thank you for taking
the time as she did to
document everything,
so we have these stories.
>>COSME: Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: It seems to me
because history is not
going to be figured
out by looking
at the accepted
historical accounts
that we'll find in libraries
and in universities
educational systems.
That's a bit that
tells a little bit,
but it's really going
to be brought forward
by those who were there.
And can bring, clearly, bring
back the memory as clearly
as possible.
And together, we're going to
piece together our history.
>>COSME: I mean, it's so
exciting the work I do.
I'm always so excited.
What are they going
to show me next?
What kind of ancient history
are they going to share with me?
Or what kind of secrets
are they going to share?
>>REGINA: Yeah,
because you don't know.
>>COSME: I don't know at all.
>>REGINA: OK, so this starts
with a man named Les this time.
>>COSME: It's actually a woman.
>>REGINA: Oh, it's
a woman named Les?
>>COSME: And this all started--
>>REGINA: Excuse me.
I saw the name Les, and made
an assumption it was a man.
OK, a person named
Les, a woman named Les.
So I want to hear
how this began.
And what did she
initially come to you for?
>>COSME: Oh, my
gosh, like I said
before, I'm not the one
that writes these books.
And this whole book,
this third book
started because it started
right after I had this really
interesting session with a man.
And while he was
deep under hypnosis,
he remembered a
different lifetime, where
he was an extraterrestrial.
And his job on this
other planet was
to search the
universe for places
where it could sustain life.
And basically, he was
searching and picking up
different objects like a
rock, a solid, or a liquid.
And he would take
it back to a ship
and focus consciousness into it.
And then with his
technology, they
would read whether or not there
was a response from the object.
And if there was
response, then they
knew this planet could see life.
So anyway, I asked his
higher consciousness
why did you show him this
lifetime of all the lifetimes
you could show him?
And they said
because we wanted him
to remember that he was
part of the team that
developed the human.
And he needs to remember
how powerful the human is.
He's not using this power
because, energetically, a human
is energetically set up
to use their emotions.
They're built for
these severe emotions.
And whenever a human
experiences a severe emotion,
it opens up a portal.
And within this portal,
are tons of possibilities.
And they wanted him
to start doing this.
They wanted him to
open up this portal
by focusing on a very
strong, powerful, emotion,
and then get the potentials
that are available to him.
So after this quiet
left, I thought, well,
I want to try this technique.
So I did it.
I put myself into a
state of gratitude
because it's the easiest
way to raise your vibration.
And I felt really good.
And then I imagined a
portal of light opening up.
And I just asked, OK, universe,
send me another subject.
I'm really excited.
What are you going to
share with me next?
Because, like I said,
it's so exciting.
I never know what they're
going to share with me.
So this is where it gets crazy.
All of a sudden,
my phone pinged.
I mean, that might
not sound crazy.
But my phone was set to silent.
And I checked my phone.
And it was still set to silent.
But someone had
messaged me right
when my eyes were still closed.
And it was this woman
I had never met.
Her name was Les.
And she said, this is
going to sound so crazy.
I know I sound so crazy.
But I had to contact
you right now.
And I don't know why.
I'm sorry that I sound
like an insane person.
So I messaged her back.
And I said, no, you don't
sound crazy, at all.
Have you ever done hypnosis?
And she said no.
But she was willing to try.
>>REGINA: How did she
even know to call you?
>>COSME: That's the thing.
She got my number.
Well, it was a messenger.
She got my number
through somebody
and was able to text me.
And normally, a message like
that can't even get through.
>>REGINA: Right, now, was
there something specific
she wanted to work on?
>>COSME: She had no idea.
She didn't really know
that much about me.
She just felt this strange,
weird desire to contact me.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Oh, my gosh, OK.
So you meet Les.
>>COSME: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And what
starts happening?
>>COSME: So she was a nice
bubbly, dirty blonde hair
young woman, very friendly.
And as I brought her
deep under hypnosis,
another sounding
voice came out of her.
It was her voice, but it
sounded almost like a man.
And this voice
said I am Anawaya.
I'm the one who contacted you.
I'm a Native American.
And I'm contacting
you now because I
need to tell our story.
Our story is vital to the
evolution of humanity.
I almost fell out of my chair.
I was like, oh, my gosh.
>>REGINA: That's
direct and clear.
And what did she feel?
At the end of it, was she
shocked by this whole thing?
>>COSME: Her look was priceless.
It's one thing to tell you
you're a powerful being.
You have so much power.
You're a creator.
You never die.
But it's another thing to
experience that for yourself.
And I wish I could take pictures
of my client, sometimes.
She was in shock.
But it was shocking all,
like she was curious
too so that it all made sense.
And she said, you know, Sarah,
I had this imaginary friend,
when I was growing up.
And his name was Anawaya.
And now, it makes sense to me.
It was really just this person.
It was really another
version of me.
And I've learned
through many sessions
that, sometimes, other
versions of ourselves
come and talk to us
when we're children.
And that's why people think
they're imaginary friends.
But they're really
a version of us
in a different dimension
checking on us.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And before we started
rolling camera here,
I always kind of
check around just
to see who's in the room with us
because, usually, you can feel
people's guides and everything.
And I told you beforehand,
there's a Native American here,
a male Native
American entity here.
And so all this makes sense.
So I think still there
to try to make sure
that the story is told properly
because I could feel him
in the room.
>>COSME: Right, I
mean, this story,
this information
is so important.
As the consciousness of
the Earth gets stronger,
it's important for us to
connect with this consciousness,
this intelligence.
But anyway--
>>REGINA: OK, so
let's get into him.
So Native American,
1800s, correct?
>>COSME: Correct.
>>REGINA: You actually
did some research
to find out if any
such person existed.
So let's just kind
of set that part up
before we go into his story.
>>COSME: So both of us, Les and
I, we researched and researched
and try to find this
person named Anawaya.
And we did it
based off a drawing
that she had drawn of
him from her memory.
And we found a person, and
it fit all the descriptions.
And actually, his name was
changed by the White man
to Chief Billie Justice.
And even in
Anawaya's description
of going to England and
everything like that,
it was all in this history.
So I really do think we
found who Anawaya was.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
who Anawaya was in the day.
>>COSME: Oh, my gosh.
So what was so interesting when
Anawaya was coming through,
my client Les, was that he kept
saying he was very much alive.
And I was like, how
is this possible?
How are you alive talking to me?
And he said, basically,
if you can think about it
like this anything that has
ever happened in anything that
will happen, exists in the now.
And he said the way he
was contacting me was he
was doing this really
interesting meditation.
I tried this, too.
And it seems to
work a little bit.
So you make your body
very, very still.
And by making your body still,
it makes your mind still.
And that really works,
if you try to do.
It brings you deep
into meditation.
But what I haven't figured
out how to do and he could do,
was he would focus and
focus his concentration
to Les, which is a past life, or
he's a passive version of her.
And he could communicate
to me, almost
like a phone call in that way.
It's really quite fascinating.
And it reminded me
of Dolores Cannon
when she would talk to
Nostradamus because he kept
saying he was very much alive.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's true.
Yes.
>>COSME: And, oh, my gosh.
I've heard so many
different stories
from so many different sessions.
But Anawaya's first hand account
of walking the Trail of Tears,
I couldn't stop crying.
I lost it.
It was so-- it's terrible.
I mean, in history,
you hear one story.
But to hear a firsthand
account is a different thing.
>>REGINA: Well, would
you mind sharing it,
even if it gets you
teary for a second
because I think that
he wants that relayed?
>>COSME: Yeah, I'll
try not to cry.
Well, it's really
hard for anybody--
>>REGINA: Explain the
Trail of Tears for anyone
who doesn't know.
>>COSME: Sure, it's
the term coined
for the forced relocation of the
southeastern Native Americans.
They were forced out
of their homeland
and forced west of
the Mississippi.
Essentially, there was gold
found on their territory.
And they were forced
out of their lands.
>>REGINA: Now, is this part
of the Appalachian part
of the story from
the Appalachian area,
where the British--
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: --the British were
in control at that time?
>>COSME: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Where the British
forced them off of the land
and forced them to go West, so
they could take the resources
from wherever they were--
no, from wherever they
had originally been,
actually, Appalachia,
the way I have it written here,
was given to them in 1763.
>>COSME: Yes.
>>REGINA: But that
didn't matter.
>>COSME: It didn't matter.
>>REGINA: The settlers just
come and take what they want.
And they didn't have
any rights, anyway.
So the trail, either
way, whether it
was the original
relocation or just being
bumped out after they
were being given land.
Let's talk about what
that looked like.
>>COSME: And I remember
in history class learning
about this.
But what I didn't realize was
that it was more like genocide.
They were tortured.
They were murdered.
Women were raped.
And I think the worst part of
it for me was hearing about--
gosh, try not to cry.
The children, you
know, just how people
could do this to other people.
So I asked Anawaya why
did the White man do this
to the Native Americans?
And his answer was
so interesting.
He said the White man
was one of the earliest
victims of this negative
energy that asserted itself
onto the planet.
That the White man's
culture was stolen from them
so long ago that the
White man doesn't even
remember that they had
a culture, that they
used to dance amongst fairies.
And they were
witches and pagans.
And they had all
these magical beliefs.
And all of that was
stolen from them,
so they're walking around not
even remembering who they are.
And what I found
really interesting
was how important this
information is, how--
for Anawaya, he said that,
right before the Trail of Tears,
the Nunne'hi, that's what he
called them, the fairy people,
apparently, everybody knows
about the fairy people
in Indigenous tribes.
>>REGINA: Yes, all
over the planet.
>>COSME: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>COSME: And they warned the
Native Americans, especially
the Cherokee that,
if they didn't
want to go through with this,
they could go underground
into these tunnels.
>>REGINA: That is the same--
that's the same lore in Britain
and particularly in Ireland.
>>COSME: Oh, interesting.
>>REGINA: That one group
of beings and anyone
that wants to watch us can
go back and look at my shows
with Sean, Father Sean O'Laoire.
He talks about this.
Were driven underground very--
we find beings.
Were driven underground
called the Tuatha de Danonn,
which ended up being
the wisdom keepers that
ultimately were the druids.
They were driven underground
by agreement just
to be able to continue
to live on Earth.
And now, you're saying the
same thing in the Americas.
>>COSME: The Nunne'hi
or the fair people said,
if you don't want to be a
part of this, you can ascend,
basically.
And you can ascend by going
deep within the Earth, which
I thought is so interesting--
>>REGINA: Isn't
that fascinating.
>>COSME: --because --because
you don't have to ascend upward.
>>REGINA: No.
>>COSME: You can
ascend going within--
>>REGINA: Well, that's
what they did there.
>>COSME: --same with the
survivors from Lemuria.
Many of them that
went to Mount Shasta
by going deep
within the mountain
there because of all the
crystals they were around.
They were able to ascend.
That's really fascinating.
I can tell you about
that really quickly.
>>REGINA: Sure, do.
>>COSME: So I was
wondering, how did
they ascend in Mount Shasta,
these survivors from Lemuria?
And they said, by going
into the mountain,
there were these
special crystals
that were placed there
from the early colonizers.
And these crystals had
like a celestial converter.
And what these crystals
would do by using them,
they would work with
the Earth's energy
and the movement of the Earth
through the Milky Way galaxy.
And it would convert this
energy that the beings
within the mountain
could use for food.
And by soaking
within this energy,
they were able to
transform themselves.
And ultimately, ascend.
But they come in and
out of the mountain
to kind of as an
agreement for us
because they were a small
group that ascended.
And because they already
did it, their knowledge
within this Earth helps
us as a collective ascend.
>>REGINA: Yes, and people still
go to Shasta, for that reason.
And some claim to have
encountered these beings.
>>COSME: Oh, interesting.
>>REGINA: That's
still happening today.
And I've met a
couple of people who
take people on tours
there because they've
encountered these beings.
>>COSME: Wow.
>>REGINA: So this still exists.
And it's interesting
because you're
talking about these crystals
and the frequency it's
establishing for
ascension, which
is a refinement of frequencies.
And it's all just frequencies.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Food is frequencies.
It's all frequency, right?
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: So speaking of
frequencies, so now we go back.
So the frequency going back
to what you said earlier
that the early, quote,
"founding fathers," Europeans
for the most part, were some
of the original people that
were really tampered
with, in terms of what
they call the fear virus.
And this is something
we hear quite a bit.
So how did Anawaya
describe this?
And who were those who were
perpetuating this fear virus?
I mean, we're going
back to the Anunnaki,
back to Sumeria, back to
the same old characters.
>>COSME: So while I
was talking to Anawaya,
he was often comforted by
his mother, who had passed.
She was murdered
by the white man.
And his mother
acted as a channel
for these ancient ancestors.
And some of these
ancestors would
come through Anawaya who
were ancestors in the tribe,
Lemurians, and even
from the Pleiades.
And I was able to get
a lot of knowledge
from these ancient ancestors who
described this negative energy
coming to the planet like this.
They said it's a cyclical thing.
The negative energy,
this fear virus,
attached itself to the planet.
And with that, it attached other
beings that feed off of fear,
and it's cyclical.
Eventually, we dispel
this fear and it goes back
into the universe, only
to do this all over again.
It's a cycle, just like
we're all separated,
chaos to bring the unity.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I mean, fear is a frequency too.
Love is a frequency.
So if everything is
constantly undulating
and if you look at even the
Mayan calendar, for example,
we have periods where we rise
and create and where we descend
and forget.
And certainly, even
just forgetting
starts bringing
anxiety and fear.
So that makes sense.
And so they're more
saying it's not
that the beings that we
attribute to bringing
these things to the
planet are bringing it,
it's they're simply riding
on the wave of the fear--
the introduction of the fear
because they relate to it.
>>COSME: Yes.
>>REGINA: And then
can be opportunistic
within that field.
>>COSME: Right.
But this is just a cycle.
This is how it's
one of the rules
if you want to incarnate
on this Earth planet.
You have positive and
negative polarity,
just like you have
life and death.
So there is no bad.
Nothing in this universe
is all negative.
It feeds in together.
It's just one cycle.
That's why they use that
symbol of the circle.
Everywhere in these
Native American tribes,
they use the circle.
And basically like
other different symbols,
it's coded so that when
a person sees a symbol,
it does something to the mind.
It unlocks this transmission
within the mind.
And really, there's a lot of
story behind this one symbol.
That's why all these symbols
come from the star people.
>>REGINA: The
circle on the cross.
>>COSME: Exactly.
The circle in the cross
means the cross is really
for the four directions, but
the very point of the circle,
the middle of the
circle, is to show us,
to remind us that we
can remember we all
come from source and we all
go out separate in order
to come back again.
It's the cycle.
>>REGINA: And you see this all
over the world, the same symbol
all over the world.
>>COSME: Of course.
>>REGINA: So they said one of
the ways in which fear has been
perpetuated was by bringing
the notion of commerce
and business, and monetary
exchange into the picture
from what were more organic
tribal ways of living
of abundance that had to do
with what nature could provide
and so forth.
So do you want to talk about
that for just a moment?
>>COSME: Sure.
Well, when Anawaya
went to England
to try to sign this
treaty, which, by the way,
he never signed,
he said that they
had very interesting
practices that they would
use money instead of trade.
But for the Native
Americans, they use trade.
And it was a much better
way of exchange for them.
And he didn't really
understand the English ways
because it was so--
>>REGINA: The monetary system?
>>COSME: And that one
thing he couldn't get over
was the smell.
Like it smells disgusting.
>>REGINA: Oh yeah,
of the cities.
They didn't have functioning
plumbing or anything, just
out the window.
>>COSME: Throw their bath
water down the street.
>>REGINA: So as he's
talking about their journey,
so he explained their
journey to these other lands,
let me ask you this.
I mean, because obviously that
Les now is a woman, number one.
Is she Caucasian woman?
>>COSME: She's Caucasian.
>>REGINA: So the
Native Americans
had to start kind of
incarnating into the circles
of modern beings
that are here now.
So many people that are
relating so strongly
to the Native American
story, I would surmise
is because they have
had that experience.
That's a past life experience.
>>COSME: Of course.
And there's so much trauma from
all of these Indigenous tribes
all over the world that
we still carry with us.
And I really think that's
one of the reasons why
they want this
story to get out now
because there's so many stuck--
it's almost like your soul is
not stuck, but a part of you
is stuck because of the trauma.
And by hearing certain
stories like this
or even talking about it, a part
of your soul can be released
and you can rejoin with it.
And because there's
so much trauma,
I mean, generations of trauma.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>COSME: It creates more
density on the planet.
And I think they want
to get this story out
to heal this trauma so
that the planet itself also
becomes lighter.
>>REGINA: Well, it's
a more gracious story
because they're not just saying,
you white men are the bad guys.
You did this to us.
They're saying, you white guys
are part of the same victim
process.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: You just
played it out--
it happened to you differently
and played it out--
it played out through
you differently.
And of course, it had
repercussions to us,
but they're putting
the entire circle
of how trauma happens
from one group passed
on to another to another,
and generationally as well.
>>COSME: Exactly.
And I always asked
Anawaya, were you angry?
Were you mad that they did this?
And the interesting
thing that I really
had a hard time
getting over was, no.
They understood.
>>REGINA: They understood.
>>COSME: Yeah.
>>REGINA: That's beautiful.
So now let's go to the
history of the Americas
because he was
telling you Americas
had very ancient,
very high cultures.
So let's go into the
history, both from Lemuria
and from Atlantis, and
what the Americas once
were according to Anawaya.
>>COSME: Anawaya kept describing
the Americas as very advanced.
And the beings that lived on in
the Americas were advanced too.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>COSME: They knew
all of these things.
They were a lot different
than how you see people today.
They would speak with ETs
and interdimensional beings
all the time, and they had very
powerful, powerful technology.
And all of that was wiped
out through sometimes
extraterrestrial wars and
floods and things like that.
And all that evidence
has been removed just
for one reason or another.
But I thought what was really
fascinating was that the ley
lines were shifted after
the destruction of Atlantis
because the
destruction of Atlantis
was so powerful with
all their technology
that it moved the ley
lines and the most
powerful energetic grid shifted
from the capital of Atlantis
to North America.
And it was one of the reasons
why many Lumerians were taken
and moved to the Americas.
And that was really
fascinating to me.
I was like, how
did they get there?
How did the Lemurian tribe get
from Lemuria to the Americas?
I knew that some of them were
able to get to Mount Shasta,
so that's part of the America.
But others apparently
were taken by ships.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yeah.
And I think that's
been one of the pieces
that humanity hasn't really
been willing to look at yet,
that the Wright brothers
didn't invent flight.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: There's been flight
throughout the universe,
forever.
And there's been flight
to and from this planet
forever with every
kind of technology.
Groups of people have
been moved around
since the beginning of time
because we were never here
alone as just primitives.
We always had other
beings alongside us
even as this species
was developing.
So if we can just
accept the notion
that there's always been
flight and there's always
been an ability to move
populations of people around,
then these great mysteries
aren't so mysterious after all.
You don't have to have
some big land bridge.
Just fly them over.
>>COSME: Right, exactly.
>>REGINA: So they talked
about this in the movement.
So let's talk about
the movement of what
populations in particular.
>>COSME: Well, I
was so surprised
that most of the
Native Americans
originated from Lemuria.
I didn't know this before.
And when the ancestors
were saying this,
it all made sense
to me because when
I was working on my Atlantis
book, I regressed Jen.
And when I brought her
deep under hypnosis,
I had her draw the
symbol of Lemuria.
And I was surprised because
it was the same symbol
as the Native Americans use.
And I thought, wow,
that's really interesting.
I didn't put two
and two together.
So then it made sense.
Oh, obviously most of
them were Lumerians.
>>REGINA: It makes sense
on a number of levels
as you say this because I've
interviewed lots of people,
as you know.
And one of the things
that is repeatedly
said about Lemuria, for those
who have a remembrance of it--
I have some remembrance of it--
and that is that the people
were living much more in harmony
with, you might just
say frequency-based life
technologies were
much more natural
and frequency-based
telepathy was normal.
That was just normal.
And living closer to the land
without invasive technologies.
And so that's how the
Native Americans, even
in modern times, chose
to live and found
a superior way of living.
So that continued.
I mean, that understanding
and the connection
with the others,
which I want to get
to because this is about
their connection with the star
people.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about it.
>>COSME: Oh, well,
the star people
were always helping them.
And it's funny that in all their
symbols and their drawings,
they talk about the star
people helping them.
And they relied on
the star people a lot
for different things, but the
star people couldn't interfere.
They could just watch from afar.
They could give them wisdom.
And they would get
some of this wisdom
through their plant medicines.
They would do these ceremonies
and they would ask for wisdom.
And what was interesting is as
they would do these ceremonies,
they would all receive the same
message from the star people.
And they most of them seem to
have come from the Pleiades
or they talked about
the Seven Sisters.
That's what they call them.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
The Pleiades.
Yes.
>>COSME: Right,
was the Pleiades.
>>REGINA: And which
had a strong influence
over this planet for a very
long time and their own history
with us.
And some of the other
authors I've interviewed
have very deep connections
with the Pleiades.
So it appears that the
beings from the Pleiades
are still to this day
trying to help us remember.
>>COSME: Oh, definitely.
>>REGINA: And trying to help
us find our own way home, which
is an internal journey.
It doesn't mean to the stars.
>>COSME: Many beings
from the Pleiades
come through my clients when
they're deep under hypnosis.
And it's always so fascinating.
They usually have
the same message,
which is to try
to remind yourself
that ultimately you are of God.
>>REGINA: And so when--
I guess this was
Les was speaking
about some of the ET connections
with the people there.
One of the things that they
talked about, or at least
you told me they
talked about, was they
explained the Mandela effect.
>>COSME: This is so interesting.
So they were saying--
>>REGINA: Because we're
still mystified by it.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>COSME: So am I. They were
saying that the Mandela
effect proves that you can
literally change your life
based on what you focus on.
That if a human's timeline
looks like a graph and so
there's like a line.
It'll be a very dark line as
to your most probable timeline.
But if you focus
on something else,
you can change your
timeline completely
and you can have one person
have this line on a graph
and another one way
over here, and they're
living two different lifetimes.
They won't remember
the same things
because their lifetime
will be totally
different than one another.
>>REGINA: So they
say that the soul
has the capability of inhabiting
two different vehicles
or multiple vehicles at a
time on different timelines
to have these
parallel experiences?
>>COSME: Oh, yes.
I mean, we are all
multidimensional.
We're living in so many
different timelines,
on so many different places
all at the same time.
>>REGINA: What else did
they have to say about that?
Because people find
this fascinating.
>>COSME: I find it
really fascinating too.
That you can learn
to communicate
with different parts
of yourself and you
can open up that communication.
One way you can do that is
by looking at these symbols,
like looking at the
flower of life pattern
or looking at one of these
extraterrestrial symbols,
like the circle with
the dot in the middle.
And you can activate
that communication
with this higher
version of yourself
and ultimately ask for guidance.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now I want to go back to
something we talked about
in the very beginning and have
you flesh it out some more.
And it has to do
with the uniqueness
of the human emotional
structure and what
that allows us to
create, but also
how that works in opposition to
that on this planet of duality.
So let's-- what did
they have to say?
What did Anawaya have to say?
Anawaya.
Anaweya or waya?
>>COSME: Anawaya.
>>REGINA: Anawaya have to say--
>>COSME: It means
wolf apparently.
>>REGINA: OK.
About the human
emotional structure
and what it allows us to
create by way of these portals
and how all of that works.
Because that's
always seen as kind
of the bane of the existence.
And I know we even have
other shows on saying, well,
ETs don't think that human
emotions are that instructive.
>>COSME: Really?
That's interesting because I've
been told that we're so unique
and we don't realize
how much power we have
because we have these emotions.
That on some other planets
or some other beings
have bred out their
emotions by accident,
like the gray extraterrestrials
according to my clients.
But you can use your emotions.
And people are so powerful in
their energetics and the fact
that they can use
these emotions.
But you want to use
your positive emotions.
Otherwise, you'll invite or
you bring in more possibilities
for discord.
So by focusing on
a positive emotion,
you really can manipulate
the matter around you
in relationship to that emotion.
You can even use this
to heal yourself.
So basically what
they were saying
was any time you feel a strong
feeling, a strong emotion,
any time, always it
opens up portals.
We're just not aware
of this, but this
is how our energetics work.
And so if you think of
these portals opening,
when the portal opens, there are
plenty of possibilities to you
when this happens.
So all you have--
I mean, it worked.
I tried it.
And all you have to do
is focus on this emotion.
Ask for what you want.
And this is the key.
If there's no resistance to it,
it will manifest very quickly,
they said.
Maybe next time I will
ask for $1,000,000 but--
>>REGINA: So when we actually
bring something that's
genuine excitement
to the table, it
seems to me that that's
one of the energies
that you can manifest
very quickly with.
>>COSME: Yes.
>>REGINA: When it's
genuine excitement coming
from inside you, bubbling
up from within you.
>>COSME: Right, exactly.
Then there's really
no resistance,
then the manifestation
happens very quickly anyway.
>>REGINA: So rather than
trying to manage our emotions,
which everyone's trying to do,
it seems in this day and age
anyway because it's
been a bumpy ride,
maybe we would be
better off to start
looking at how we can focus
them in truly innovative ways
or in ways that actually
excite our entire being.
Because like you said,
even that brings healing.
It brings a higher frequency.
It brings energy.
>>COSME: Exactly.
And my clients, while
they're deep under hypnosis,
the higher consciousness
keeps saying, now
that these higher consciousness,
these higher realms
are available-- they're here.
They're available.
This is all new to the human.
And we can access this
great intelligence
and actually become
the powerful being
that we're meant to become.
And this will become mainstream
as we go into the future.
But what you can do now is to
become aware of the subtleties
going on in your body, the
subtle layers because there's--
like I said, the
consciousness of the Earth
is getting stronger.
It's constantly
communicating with us.
And one thing I think
that is so fascinating
is the use of the sun.
Many religions--
>>REGINA: Yes, talk about this.
>>COSME: Many religions had
the religion based on the sun.
And I always wondered,
how do you use the sun?
What is this all about?
And what people don't understand
is the sun is a portal.
So I'll just tell
you this example.
I had this client come in and
she wanted to lose weight.
And she tried so many
different things.
I mean, literally she
went on a juice fast
and the weight wouldn't budge.
So obviously, there
was something going on.
And usually when a client
wants to lose weight,
their subconscious will
say, oh, the weight acts
as like a protection.
That's usually the case.
And if you can figure out
a way to feel protected,
the weight will come
off very easily.
And the subconscious
needs to understand this
and so does the conscious mind.
Well, this wasn't the case.
The higher
consciousness said, she
needs to go outside
without her contacts.
And so that was a
little surprising.
I asked, what do you mean?
And they said, she needs to be
exposed to unfiltered sunlight
because humans, all humans, need
a little unfiltered sunlight.
Because ultimately, what's
available to humanity
right now is the power of
this intelligence coming
from the portals
of the sun, it goes
through the unfiltered eyes
straight to the pineal gland,
and it unlocks the human power.
>>REGINA: So true.
And that's interesting
that came through.
And you and I did a session that
you transcribed a little bit
about and the sun played hugely
in that, back in Atlantean
times too.
And also the whole notion
of going out in the morning,
for example, for people who
are just having this memory
come back again.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: To go in the early
blush of the morning when
the sun's first rising, and
even if you're just looking
at the sun through your
eyelashes to begin with,
to just open your eyes for
however many seconds and take
the fullness of the cool sun's
information into your being
first thing in the
morning has a phenomenal--
I'm so glad you brought it up
because I stopped doing it too.
Has a phenomenal effect.
But they're saying
also go out in and--
I would think bathe yourself
in it however you can,
but they say definitely through
the eyeballs, unfiltered.
>>COSME: That's so
interesting because I'm always
wearing my glasses.
So I stopped doing that.
And even just a
little bit, they said,
will unlock these dormant
potentials within ourselves.
>>REGINA: Thank you
so much for bringing
that bit of information back.
Even after you and I
did the regression,
I still didn't go back and
start practicing it again.
It's so funny how we just
kind of get into our groove.
But every time I do that, it
makes a massive difference.
And recently, I've started
doing that early in the morning,
to go out and just
lie in the sun
very early in the morning when
it's kind of first cresting
so it can hit the body
when it's still cool out.
You don't have to
be-- it doesn't have
to be in the harsh heat of day.
Because we forget the sun
is the source of all life.
And in our solar
system, on all planets,
nothing exists without the sun.
And it's not just it's
casting light and heat,
it's casting massive
amounts of information
as a very divine, massive being.
>>COSME: Right.
And information is
coming through the sun.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>COSME: And that's one
way we get our information.
>>REGINA: From the central
sun through our sun into us.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Oh, I'm so excited
that you talked about this
and brought this up.
Tell me what else they had to
say, the Native Americans had
to say, because they
were very oriented
toward the sun and the stars.
What else did
Anawaya have to say?
>>COSME: Well,
they kept reminding
us to connect with nature.
That basically, like I
said, this is all cycle.
So we needed to lose our
connection for a while
and there's nothing like having
opposition to remembering.
So we needed this
disconnection in order
to really appreciate
our reconnection.
And that is essentially what
we're supposed to do now.
We're supposed to
remember these teachings
of the Native Americans or
the Indigenous tribes all
over the world.
>>REGINA: Who were
us at one time.
Most of us are incarnated
that way and just forgot.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>COSME: And we're supposed
to bring back that knowledge
and reconnect to the Earth
to our natural surroundings,
start communicating with it.
Because within the Earth,
there's always a cure.
There's always a plant that
will help you with something.
There's always an
answer to your question.
Everything is provided
for us within the Earth.
>>REGINA: And by the sun.
>>COSME: And by the sun.
>>REGINA: I remember my guide
saying, years ago saying,
they're very big on this,
never worship anything, anyone,
no worship, but you can
give as much love and care
and respect as you wish to
the sun or any other being
or entity.
That works.
Worship is simply giving power
away and putting yourself
below something.
And they said even the
sun, don't put yourself
below the sun, but you can
send your extreme appreciation
and love to the sun as
it's always sending to you.
And so on that note,
one of the final things
that was coming through
from these various beings
and from the star people is,
again, the message of love.
Love, love, love, love.
As you said earlier, when you
go into a session yourself,
you find gratitude
is the fastest
way to lift your frequencies.
I find the same thing.
Love is so loaded.
It has so many different kind
of attached notions as to what
love even is anymore.
So if you can--
I'm saying this because if
you can explain in their words
what they mean by love and
maybe what we mean by gratitude
and appreciation, respect,
care, and love that come out
of gratitude, this
is a place I think
we all need to start going
to besides just the Earth.
>>COSME: Right.
Well, I feel as if gratitude
is really harmonizing.
It's harmonizing with
yourself and your environment.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>COSME: And really
feeling the oneness.
But the way they describe love
it's sort of different than how
we describe love.
They describe love
as that moment when--
say, for instance, when a
client is remembering leaving
their body after a lifetime.
There's a moment
of complete bliss
and a rejoining of all
the parts of themselves.
If a human were to experience,
they would just start crying.
They wouldn't be able to
take this really, really
powerful feeling of oneness.
It's so overwhelming.
It's so beautiful.
But that's what they
mean when they say love.
>>REGINA: So if we can
connect in our own memory
to these feelings.
That may happen say through
the birth of a new baby.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: You see a baby
who's just come into the world
and is starting this journey,
and those little eyes that
seemingly are seeing everything
for the first time, that
would be one of those moments
of tears, for example,
and the purity of love.
Or whatever it is to each
person that can bring us--
maybe it's a sunset.
So if we can remember those
moments of that feeling,
that's the love
they're talking about.
>>COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: That
purity, that bliss.
So that's a good practice,
to just remember,
remember those moments
of love so we can just
keep bringing our
frequencies up and up and up.
>>COSME: Definitely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And gratitude.
Any final thoughts, Sarah?
This is really just
a beautiful story
that they brought through.
>>COSME: Oh.
Yes, it is.
It's amazing.
I'm always so excited
to see what they're
going to share with me next.
But basically, I guess the
final thoughts would just
be to really be curious
about your own self.
Go deep within
yourself and see what
it is that drives you, what your
passions are, and really try
to connect deep within
yourself and listen,
and go out into nature and
start harmonizing yourself
with nature, and getting that
intelligence from nature.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Thank you so much.
Absolutely beautiful as always.
And so I can't wait to hear
who comes through who next.
>>COSME: Me too.
>>REGINA: And we'll
have you back on.
Thank you so much, Sarah.
Again, the name of
Sarah's new book
is "A Hypnotist's Journey From
the Trail to the Star People."
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.